Sizzlin Sahara
STEAKHOUSE
Welcome to Sizzlin Sahara, the authentic Africa taste!
The steakhouse has been in the city for as long as anyone can remember, and it has become the go-to steakhouse among the locals
The steakhouse is run by a local family and the recipes have been passed down for 5 generations now. The recipes are a reflection of the authentic African taste. It started in 2020
Meet The Family

SIMI is the dad, the visionary who started the steakhouse in his backyard. His meals are inspired by his family's recipes,story and culture. He aims to share this with the world

Shani the mother  She is the business behind the brand. She started as the chef helping Simi until she decided to put her MBA to use as the business administrator and number cruncher

Juba the brother Fresh out of culinary school, Juba brings in fresh persepctives and new recipes to merge with the old.The perfect fusion for exquisite cuisine to satisfy your palates

the sister Malaika is en excellent cook with experience in African cuisine. She has worked as a chef in all 4 corners of Africa. Her expetise is evident in the food she makes.

Menu consists of 
Beef Fillet- ingredients are a choice cut of the best beef from the farms, no Genetically modified food, pure natural breed of the best African cattle. On average, one four-ounce serving of beef contains, Calories: 265grams, Protein: 21 grams, Fat: 19 grams, Carbohydrates: 0 grams, Fiber: 0 grams, Sugar: 0 grams. Beef fillet is always available in stock. It is served with sides of mashed potato, seasonal veggies or fresh chips.  It costs 20 dollars. 
T-bone Steak- Is a prime cut from short loin and the steak includes a T-shaped lumbar vertebra with sections of abdominal internal oblique muscle on each side. T-bone steak offers lots of vitamins and minerals that your body needs for overall health, including zinc, iron, and calcium. It's also a good source of selenium, which combats free radicals in the body and supports thyroid health. It costs18.50 dollars but on promotion it is 15.00 dollars. It is served with sides of mashed potato, seasonal veggies or chips
Chicken is a current recommend dish. All produce is locally sourced. It comes as $5.00 Quarter, Half or Full portions, each costing 5,10,15 dollars respectively. There are option such as spicy, lemon and herb, mild, super spicy, or not spicy at all. Chicken is high in protein and lower in fat compared to other animal sources like beef. When we think chicken, we often refer to white meat. The white meat, primarily chicken breast, is a wonderful addition for people who want a low-fat, high-protein diet. 
Lamb costs 12.50, it is also served with sides of mashed potato, seasonal veggies or chips. Nutritional Value Per 100g: Energy 878kJ 211kcal. Fat 15g. of which saturates 6.3g. 

Taste of the Sea is served with selected seafood, please enquire about availability. However, prawns, mussels, calamari are always available. 
Delectable Desserts
There is Red Velvet Slice, made from dark rich chocolate, it is an Indulgent, Rich Red Velvet Cake with Smooth Cream Cheese Frosting. Amount Per Serving Calories 293g, trans Fat, 0g, Polyunsaturated Fat 1.028g, Monounsaturated Fat 7.948g and Cholesterol 43mg, Sodium 249mg, Dietary Fiber is 1.2g, Sugars are 13.89g, Protein is 5.45g and Calcium 30mg, it costs 7.50 from 10 because it is on promotion

Baobab Ice-cream Recommend,  costs 8.00, Decadent, Creamy, Delectable Baobab ice cream, made from baobab, local milk, locally farmed vanilla bean. It is very healthy. baobab pulp is rich in vitamin C, with 40 g providing from 84 percent to more than 100 percent of the Recommended Daily Intake (RDI). The vitamin C level is said to be 10 times that of oranges

Chocolate Mousse costs 5.50, it is a Creamy, smooth dark chocolate mousse. There is a vegan option without cream. 
Bird Plum Cream costs 7.50 and it is victorian Vanilla sponge cake  served with tasty bird-plum flavoured cream and syrup. Bird plum is a local African fruit, that has a large seed and pulp. It has sweet flesh and skin. It looks like a small date with a large seed. 
Wild Loquat Sorbet costs 7.25, it is a Rich Wild Loquat Sorbet and Milk Foam. Wild loquat is a local fruit with sweet flesh and a crunchy skin. 

all fruits and vegetables are grown and sourced from local farms that adhere to green practices and fair treatment of workers. There is a vegan option for all desserts, coconut milk is used as a substitute. Almond milk is also used. 

In order to make a reservation, please refer to the reservation link on the home bar. It will show you the fiekds to make then you can fill them in. 

These are our reviews so far from Amahle “Everytime I go to the city, I go Sizzlin Sahara and I just can not get enough! The food is deliriously delicious and the staff is welcoming
4.8 Rating” 
Donovan “I am yet to find a place that presents authentic African food with the modern finnesse
5 Star Rating”
Zamani”Sizzlin Sahara for a taste of hot, fiery food!!! They have my heart and taste buds too lol :)
5 Star Rating” 
    
We provide vegan options upon request, But in stock we have roast eggplant, mushroom and cauliflower steak. 
We are located at  Sizzlin Sahara Steakhouse, 9th Street, Harare. Our contact details are Phone:(240) 456 2409 671, Email: admin@sizzlinsahara.com. Our Opening Hours are Monday - Friday 12:00 - 22:00, Saturday 13:00 - 00:00 and on Sunday we are closed. 
We do have membership opportunities where we offer exclusive services such as accepted walkins, we also prepare whatever dish they order and VIP services available. We do serve liquor but please enquire if you have a specific liquor request. We have all types of edibale alcohols suchs as ciders, all wines, cocktails, spirits etc and fresh juice, waters, mocktails,  carbonated drinks. 
There is indoor entertainment, world class DJs and live singers, and an entertainment area for children with a dedicated sitter and cameras for safety. We do not allow pets. 